README.md, before:

# [Connect-4](https://konnect-4.vercel.app/)

**Online multiplayer** board game that could be played with anyone around the world from your browser, without any downloads or sign up. The Project was built for a hackathon by <a href="https://github.com/BhavyaCodes">@BhavyaCodes</a> and <a href="https://github.com/souravrane">@souravrane</a> for a hackathon organized by [Mintbean](https://mintbean.io/meets/e09a7617-ce25-4dc2-b730-2d2a484ef760)

---

## Demo

<img src="/.github/demo.gif" width="100%">

#### For video (with audio explanation) of the project on this project check this <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/posts/bhavya-tomar_careerhack-github-hackathon-activity-6760854974944694272-aEDM">LinkedIn post</a>

---

## Tech used to build this project

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"> <img align="center" src="/.github/icons/react.png" alt="react logo" width="100" /></td>
		<td align="center"> <img align="center" src="/.github/icons/nodejs.svg" alt="nodejs logo" width="100" /></td>
		<td align="center"> <img align="center" src="/.github/icons/socketio.svg" alt="Socket.IO logo" width="100" /></td>
		<td align="center"> <img align="center" src="/.github/icons/expressjs.png" alt="express.js logo" width="100" /></td>
		<td align="center"> <img align="center" src="/.github/icons/materialui.svg" alt="material-ui logo" width="100" /></td>
   <tr>
      <td align="center"><b> React </b></td>
			<td align="center"><b> Node.js </b></td>
			<td align="center"><b> Socket.IO </b></td>
			<td align="center"><b> Express.js </b></td>
			<td align="center"><b> Material-UI </b></td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

### License

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/BhavyaCodes/connect-4-online-multiplayer?style=for-the-badge)

---

### Leave a ⭐️ if you liked this project :)

Commit message:

add features to README.md

README.md, after:

# [Connect-4](https://konnect-4.vercel.app/)

**Online multiplayer** board game that could be played with anyone around the world from your browser, without any downloads or sign up. The Project was built for a hackathon by <a href="https://github.com/BhavyaCodes">@BhavyaCodes</a> and <a href="https://github.com/souravrane">@souravrane</a> for a hackathon organized by [Mintbean](https://mintbean.io/meets/e09a7617-ce25-4dc2-b730-2d2a484ef760)

---

## Demo

<img src="/.github/demo.gif" width="100%">

#### For video (with audio explanation) of the project on this project check this <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/posts/bhavya-tomar_careerhack-github-hackathon-activity-6760854974944694272-aEDM">LinkedIn post</a>

---

## Features

- no download or signup required.
- Supports multiple instances of games (several people can play in pairs at the same time without any interruption).
- Play with anyone around the world.
- Super fun game :)

---

## Tech used to build this project

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"> <img align="center" src="/.github/icons/react.png" alt="react logo" width="100" /></td>
		<td align="center"> <img align="center" src="/.github/icons/nodejs.svg" alt="nodejs logo" width="100" /></td>
		<td align="center"> <img align="center" src="/.github/icons/socketio.svg" alt="Socket.IO logo" width="100" /></td>
		<td align="center"> <img align="center" src="/.github/icons/expressjs.png" alt="express.js logo" width="100" /></td>
		<td align="center"> <img align="center" src="/.github/icons/materialui.svg" alt="material-ui logo" width="100" /></td>
   <tr>
      <td align="center"><b> React </b></td>
			<td align="center"><b> Node.js </b></td>
			<td align="center"><b> Socket.IO </b></td>
			<td align="center"><b> Express.js </b></td>
			<td align="center"><b> Material-UI </b></td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

### License

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/BhavyaCodes/connect-4-online-multiplayer?style=for-the-badge)

---

### Leave a ⭐️ if you liked this project :)
